docs: update skywalking Chinese doc (#7170)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/skywalking.md

  - Plugin
  - SkyWalking
  - skywalking

> description: This article will introduce how the API gateway Apache APISIX reports metrics to Apache SkyWalking (an open source APM) through the skywalking plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This document will introduce how the API gateway Apache APISIX reports metrics to Apache SkyWalking (an open-source APM) with the skywalking plugin.
```
